goal: wish upon a star;

without further adieu...nothing!

a light to shine with sweet delight;
at last the person rate towards sandwhich.

it's a blueberry blackberry sandwhich on pta bread;

the humus is squised and squozen for two and half heart loads (2 - 3 standard clicks)

these are in fact life time achievments;

wear green and purple and pink and blueush purple; that's the ticket!

i am the is-ness in "angular";

...

i've accessed angular through the stackblitz.io deployment method; it is a fair wizard. why have i called it a wizard?

[what i've noticed about these frameworks]
- modular
- simple file access (folders bridge up bridge down filtering components)
- create dynamic pages with easy access both front and rear bends;

it's called a wizard because it's magical. notice the ease for while . alive {
		
		life.(wizard) . freedom > life.(muggle) . freedom
}

mooji in the text "an invitation for freedom" asks if the oneness of christ or as he more simply describes as the is-ness depends on action or belief. This makes me extremely happy, resonating towards an idea such as gold or lithium. yet, please forgive my digression the point her is observation. allowing that feelflow of whatever is happening is just happening. nor by me for me because of me--sure, i reason to have choice enough---yet does the fish swimming in the sea stop a current from its course; what about an army of fish? niether. a whale? nope. theres happening and outside that is what i can perceive as the weight of mein kampf or simply man's asserted effort towards "the goal"; consequence is the outspread of patterns caused by the action. l'yet here now---notice my entanglement. happy? maybe. up? defintely! how about propietary. none, in the least. i can sense the good. it's always good. think of the coolest movies or something. wouldn't bad stuff always happen and in the end the main characters find it out how it all boils down? dizzy got me a little bit show what beams forth tried and true. smiles. there ain't nothing stopping the is-ness--ghosh---little bit goes a long way.

I love the question "is it being imagined"---if it is---then there is an imaginer and if that's the case this said imagineer bestows upon earth a great blessing. it could be anybody. certainly it's not me. i'm not imagning this. the bird landed on the wire is simply there. the simple takes the cake---and counjouring that image through language is certainly a propogation of the mind---an influence towards creamy frostying, light spongy wheat sugar salt combined transformed into some of all things food. what's not to like about cake? 

there is a point i bring up: the memories we grownups supposubly have. How does that relate to the is-ness which again is defined by me here as the all pervading infinite goodness available to everyone. the wonderful thing about memories si they come and go as they will. who am i determine how that happens. it just happens. that manifests a beaming overcoming. go with now to my 11th birthday. I got home to our locale on 13365 SW browns drive hillsboro Oregon 97123 and no one was there to salute me---there was a carrot cake sitting there.  i ate a piece of that cake and let it be. 

these sayings are quantum. recalling that experience at 11 years old i had my own is-ness. it's like the light of love and joy permeates out from my center and allows all happening. 

Could we all have that? why are some happier and other's more sad? isn't there such a thing as clinging or grasping at odd ends? what makes us different? all the people start off a baby. then they get bigger, facing challenges.

the air vent behind me blows a solid "kurshhhh" it's more like a wooshy drone. 

the birds have been singing since 4 or 4:30 this morning. i heard them. yes. yes, i did! now they sing songs likeable in nature. the song on the internet radio is a background cumbia. it has that typical 4/4 time and brass and electronic synth. i like it.
yhatz of love for the i in everybody no imagination can invent beauty such as is---that's like god freaking amazing.

for the i the is-ness is both yin and yang. it's the center---where is it now? imagining a big boat as the type sailing in 1492---shifting, balancing itself. i got seasick one time at sea. what is the resistance. why does it occur. how does beathe and allowing interact? Woudn'nt it seem as if these questions poke out technique? "can it have problems?" i think of the plants on this one. where a plant going to get upset? When an element is lower or higher, the "problem" is resolved in and through determination. there is no distracion---wouldn't this be laser like focus? I am--gifted in this. i am that. now the colors beam sow perfect---)noticing the east sun beam on over the houses over and then theres the graffiti as the stream carries a beautiful person through the animal path. 
