moecules revolve, yes, i r = V;

voltage is a product of a conduit interacting withupon a channel--therein defined as a flow stop. full stp.

the body yields charge.
the bodys awares of these charge in phenomena.
the aswares belong in charge as a process of current.

a current is a flow.

a flow is a movement.

a movement is a symphony.

a symphony is like a chorus of angelic beings noteably virbating at the most lovely back and forths producing pleasure on the experiences-scissors.

I suppose the is-ness personified could note it's theatric longing towards unsettling---therein lay humor to affect one's belly full of joy and true jelly. Don't get me wrong, i love a sweet jam, however the richness of the A minor along that corridor alotted in established tranquility pressing foward in both pain and pleasure until the point of dissolve wherein upon scene is resolved and over the metalic boxy-thingy is.

how the awareness meditates? if at all the awareness meditates the technique is simple: growing expanding within a truth to observe. for example i set in in a low couryear 45 yards in length and 25 yards in width. there are 6 shrubberies to the east south south east and one additional shrubberies to my adjenct left with 3 yards distance. the beuilding to my sight line south towad this coord i face is a temple like strucutre. radiant per every descript. tan color. it sits on level ground belonging 35 yards up in the sky. it's comprised of four rectangles long ways and one square o n top. there are 2 vertical rectangle windows on first ground level (there are 2 supporting rectangle walls to buttress the south jetted archetectures)

My outlook is that of high low low high within my self in the middle of the low low. the mind indeed delights towards the body sensing the weight of natural phenomena--gravity constant acceleration strong and weak nuclear force.





Who am I? Because I am part of this awareness of the position of low high high low. What exactly is going on? the ball of gas provides life in the form of phtons--how is this? the lush friend of mine converts these apparitions toward the comprension of cycled nature.

in every shred of doubt there is comfort. the isness prays no creedence left of right. it merely is. is this a mother's nest? a womb to carry? no beloning of in any percievable form dissolves this. i am that. this that that i am endures indefinitely. there is no thinking involved. there is course to follow. from one momement in and of the next stuff happens and that's it. imagine a bus even including it's driver  wheels going round shufflingin scurities upon task set list and l'yet the birds continue also with each createable flowing as per choice choice will allow. 

i live long and prosper to having master babaju mooji pasue it remeinding me of boudless ness. the isness is an aa gfit a allowance at any moment time place--there is all around in every limit as infinite sets converge upon themselves the freedom of freedom! I stand all amazed! i live beyond the thought of amazement; what sense to locate friendship? 

the answers? if THE ANSWERS ONE SEEKS PERHAPS THE QUESTIONS THEMSELVES LOSE THEIR MEANING. WHO AM I TO SAY THESE GIFT THAT THIS THAT OR THE OTHER. IS THAT FORM? A SHAPE. AVOID A CACUUM BECAUSE IN THAT THERE IS FORMLESS FORM. THE INVERSE. THE CUTOUT. THE MANY LIFE ABOUNDS TO FIND REASON WTHIN THE SPACE OF SPACE WITHOUT.


i loaf my little eyes. they spy a collector of water nutrient and food nutrient. they sprout and dance on invisible dancing channels.

these channels are resistors. within the ether are theres pathways strung together by interlocking variables. these areobjects prijdudcing vraiance. they are asthe quantum particles ship shape reforming themselves upon observation. why the concept of charge is? notice the first to encounter charge. 1700-1900. take the lightning phenomena. the air particles are mediums of passage through which the particles excite themselves. to excite here is induction. these little points (pixels) are in ducto; ducto meaning to cause to be lead--they are in a position of obedience. 

only then there is utility--- chaotic world is a useles world---and l'yet these are technologies e.g. constructs in capacity bearing the fruit of honest labor.

again v = i /r

that spells voltage as a quotient 

load to bear and crotch on fire--seams on us there's rain held falling.



induction vs conduction. what's the difference? both are innately familiar. 

as kids we learn lead ourself in good stuff. that's the place of the true awareness the is-ness. also as kids we learn to have to be lead that is conduction. notice the symantic slip here. to con is to fool or to trick and l'yet also reserves space to become with or as tethered units (mom + child)/(cousin + child) ; now the challenge is accepting that as nothing other than induction of a different form. the spaces are limitless and boundless yet where upon the high high low low low low high high draw together is a mathematical conundrum*. 

*refer to how a rancher with love leads a cattle herd. 

BACK ON THE GRASSY COURTYARD AMIDST 7 STICK SHRUB-BUSHERIES
	- I OBSERVE A SHRUB-BRUSG THAT APPEARS TO BE A YOUNG TREE. IT HAS A 2.5 INCH ROOT extending from ground STRAIGHT UPWARDS COEleSSEING INTO A MAIN MAIN SHUTE A SECONDARY MAIN SHOOT AND A THIRD TERCERARY SHOOT. 
	- THE SECONDARY MAIN HAS TWO OR THREE BRANCHES EACH WITH TWO OR THREE SUB-SHOOTS
	- ALTOGETHER I ESTIMATE 13-17 FLOWERS ON THIS PARTICULAR friendli-kin.
	- THE GREEN ASPECT OF THIS SHRB-BUSH IS FARILY MINIMAL THE STANdout feature of the plant being it's grey bark color. this signifies strength.


there is a caiidia (grasshopper chirp) in the background. i am happy to observe this needingask myself what sepcies living in urban enviroments tend to thruve over time. how long realy is a long time. blessed be the animals for aday ia nor niether a day not niether niether nor any word sumbol. simply is-ness ontinuation---allowance - movement.

this is a benevolent beholding---the temple gat yon pon 4-5 hours ago opens and reveals a silver sedan with prosidic spacezoids. now, upon, 1 minute of passing the temple door (west-face) is closed once again.