mockuvelles revolve, you say?  i am that. See! I from K. Towards in one are under God.

voltage requires not watt;  conduces flow, conduit;

this my son, i would have you know.

A style to act? god bless you stilted; 

Life finds yield wherein signs would provide.

The charge of the body is obedient upon one's disciple.
Want of the father? then in no unclean you'd choose yet learn trifle.

the bodys awares of these charge in phenomena.
the aswares belong in charge as a process of current.

a current is a flow.

a flow is a movement.

a movement is a symphony.

a symphony is like a chorus.
a chorus is money.

I suppose the is-ness personified could note it's theatric longing towards unsettling---

upo[apo-part one:


therein lay humor affecting (a fat king) one's belly full of joy and true jelly. Don't get me wrong, i love a sweet jam, however the richness of the A minor along that corridor alotted in established tranquility pressing foward in both pain and pleasure until the point of dissolve wherein upon scene is resolved and over the metalic boxy-thingy is.

how the awareness meditates? if at all the awareness meditates the technique is simple: growing expanding within a truth to observe. for example i set in in a low couryear 45 yards in length and 25 yards in width. there are 6 shrubberies to the east south south east and one additional shrubberies to my adjenct left with 3 yards distance. the beuilding to my sight line south towad this coord i face is a temple like strucutre. radiant per every descript. tan color. it sits on level ground belonging 35 yards up in the sky. it's comprised of four rectangles long ways and one square o n top. there are 2 vertical rectangle windows on first ground level (there are 2 supporting rectangle walls to buttress the south jetted archetectures)

My outlook is that of high low low high within my self in the middle of the low low. the mind indeed delights towards the body sensing the weight of natural phenomena--gravity constant acceleration strong and weak nuclear force.





Who am I? Because I am part of this awareness of the position of low high high low. What exactly is going on? the ball of gas provides life in the form of phtons--how is this? the lush friend of mine converts these apparitions toward the comprension of cycled nature.

in every shred of doubt there is comfort. the is-ness prays no creedence nair say ton left fair feel think right. bless water...

 A mother's net
 a womb's division;

 carry belonging of nurture true;

 percieve this and form 
 dissolve it forever. 
 i am that. i am tecnocratic, theomatic, REM's cold attic.

  no thinking. t
 here is course to follow. 
 from one momement in and of the next stuff happens
  big longing. 
  a bus goes terminal.  
  list 5 pair of jeans.
  choice will allow.


long for prosper? 
lift up. settle.
befriend. bestow for meisha.
 place around the table cloth. converge in and through themselves.

 the freedom of freedom! chips all in! nothing; get away from diet 

the answers? i





